
--------- Fixes . The lazy way


batchim ㄹ ㅆ ㄴ  >  1. Adds 다  OR 2. Drop batchim & Add 다

char end with 니 > try replacing 니 with 다

char end with 을, and previous word has batchim (e.g. 먹을 거야)  > 1. remove space after 을 OR 2. Replace 을 with 다


--- More proper way
batchim r > try removing next ' ' spacing > search for 3 more char

-----------------------



mainly, try add 다

if final char contain batchim 'n' or 'r', try removing batchim , then try adding 다



---

verb    하다 definition type    regular verb

This fails

past base	했

future base	할 (To pass, remove 'r', add 다, OR remove spacing to 할거야)

declarative future informal low	할 거야 (To pass, remove spacing to 할거야)


inquisitive present formal low	하니?  (To pass, convert to inquisitive present formal high	합니까?)


inquisitive past formal low	했니?

---

verb    드러내다 definition type    regular verb

past base	드러냈 (To pass, make into declarative past informal low	드러냈어) , or try removing 'ss' and add '다', or just add '다'

** declarative present formal low(shortened)/verb converted as noun	드러낸  failed, (To pass, try adding '다' , or remove 'n' , or remove 'n' and add '다'**

future base	드러낼 (To pass, remove 'r', add 다, OR remove spacing to 할거야)
declarative future informal low	드러낼 거야 (To pass, remove spacing , or remove 'r', add 다)
declarative future informal high	드러낼 거예요 (To pass, remove spacing , or remove 'r', add 다)
declarative future formal low	드러낼 거다 (To pass, remove spacing , or remove 'r', add 다)
declarative future formal high	드러낼 겁니다 (To pass, remove spacing , or remove 'r', add 다)

inquisitive present formal low	드러내니?  (To pass, remove 'r', add 다, OR remove spacing to 할거야)
inquisitive past formal low	드러냈니?  (To pass, replace 니 with 다)


also, 드러내지 propositive present formal high (abbv) works, but should highlight as 드러냅시다 , and not 드러낸 as 드러내


----

Adds this without initial to dict

declarative future informal low	할 거야
declarative future informal high	할 거예요
declarative future formal low	할 거다
declarative future formal high	할 겁니다